README.md, before:

# FreeSpend

## MVP:

FreeSpend is a budgeting application that makes it simply easy to answer the question "Do I really have enough to buy this?" It's goal is to solve the problem where you want something but aren't' sure if buying it will cut into your living expenses and financial goals. One look at your FreeSpend amount, and you'll know. 

## High Fidelity WireFrame

![Image of FreeSpend Mockup in Adobe XD](http://smith11b.github.io/images/freespend-mockup.png)


## User Stories:

1. User goes to log in page
2. Once logged in, user sees the home page. Here they can add income, add an expense, or navigate to Transactions, Fixed Expenses, Goals, and Send and Recieve pages via the nav at the bottom of the screen. They can also see their freeSpend amount. The amount they have left to spend that day to still meet their goals.
3. **Transactions** - Transactions will be a page that just shows the users transactions and the description of those transactions.
4. **Fixed Expenses** - Fixed Expsnses will be a page that allows the user to add a fixed expense such as rent, utilities, etc. They'll also be able to delete and edit fixed expenses.
5. **Goals** - The goals page will allow a person to set goals, they'll be able to see goals, delete goals, edit goals, and add savings to goals.
6. **Send Money** - send money will make an api call to the plaid api, to grab a users bank information, display their current balance, and eventually send money via debit card transfer.
7. Each page will also have a home button in the header that allows them to go back to the home screen. 

Hope you enjoy!

Commit message:

added image and mind map to readme

README.md, after:

# FreeSpend

## MVP:

FreeSpend is a budgeting application that makes it simply easy to answer the question "Do I really have enough to buy this?" It's goal is to solve the problem where you want something but aren't' sure if buying it will cut into your living expenses and financial goals. One look at your FreeSpend amount, and you'll know. 

## High Fidelity WireFrame

![Image of FreeSpend Mockup in Adobe XD](http://smith11b.github.io/images/freespend-mockup.png)


## User Stories:

1. User goes to log in page
2. Once logged in, user sees the home page. Here they can add income, add an expense, or navigate to Transactions, Fixed Expenses, Goals, and Send and Recieve pages via the nav at the bottom of the screen. They can also see their freeSpend amount. The amount they have left to spend that day to still meet their goals.
3. **Transactions** - Transactions will be a page that just shows the users transactions and the description of those transactions.
4. **Fixed Expenses** - Fixed Expsnses will be a page that allows the user to add a fixed expense such as rent, utilities, etc. They'll also be able to delete and edit fixed expenses.
5. **Goals** - The goals page will allow a person to set goals, they'll be able to see goals, delete goals, edit goals, and add savings to goals.
6. **Send Money** - send money will make an api call to the plaid api, to grab a users bank information, display their current balance, and eventually send money via debit card transfer.
7. Each page will also have a home button in the header that allows them to go back to the home screen. 

## MindMap and Component Tree:
![Image of FreeSpend Mockup in Adobe XD](http://smith11b.github.io/images/mind-map.png)

Hope you enjoy!
